when you do get into the water and you
just see that share side of ice it
almost gives you vertical it disappears
down into the depths the world you're in
is alien the environment is incredibly
hostile you start to tune in to the
sounds fishes crack open and gaseous
escapes and it feels like the world's
just tipped up onto its side
I was fascinated with wildlife films
from when I was a child so I studied
marine biology at University but I was
working at an aquarium has over
qualified guide being surrounded by the
environment that I wanted to work and
they're not doing what I want to be
doing
there's a curator that right there at a
time he said watched a researcher I
didn't know what it was for they could
have been anything but and you wanted to
be here for a while I film Enco I
thought well I'll give it game
it happens to be flat series and for his
legend still doing
[Music]
the first dive I ever did was probably
one of the most satisfying experiences
of my life
your head goes underneath the surface
for the first time and you start to swim
and you realize that it is as good as
you ever imagined it could be
[Music]
you feel like you're flying in slow
motion you're surrounded by life of the
most extraordinary kinds and you realize
that's it
the life step we're going to be the same
again
[Music]
one of the biggest motivators sits a
camera underwater it will set it it gave
me a sense of purpose
it's so unlike anything that you see on
land you never know when you're gonna
see something that no one else has seen
before and it could help our
understanding of how things live
underwater and hathaway we still know so
little about the biology in the ecology
of life under the surface eaten needs
people to witness it to feel something
and what I want to try and do is get
that feeling into the camera
[Music]
you